README.md, before:

# General stows
- located in .config


# Single stows
  
## catppuccin-mocha-alacritty
- general alacritty configuration without import
- catppuccin mocha palette

## catppuccin-mocha-btop
- general btop configuration
- catppuccin mocha palette

## catppuccin-mocha-cava
- general cava configuration
- catppuccin mocha palette

## catppuccin-mocha-fastfetch-fedora
- fedora specific fastfetch configuration
- catppuccin mocha palette

## catppuccin-mocha-fastfetch-macOS
- macOS specific fastfetch configuration
- catppuccin mocha palette

## catppuccin-mocha-ghostty-macOS
- general ghostty configuration
- catppuccin mocha palette

## catppuccin-mocha-kitty-linux-JetBrainsMono_Nerd_Font
- general kitty configuration
- it assumes that the JetBrainsMonoNerdFont was downloaded through the website
- catppuccin mocha palette

## catppuccin-mocha-kitty-macOS-nixDarwin
- general kitty configuration
- it assumes that the JetBrainsMonoNerdFont was downloaded through nix darwin homebrew path
- catppuccin mocha palette

## catppuccin-rainbow-starship
- general starship configuration
- catppuccin mocha palette

## general-nvim
- general nvim configuration
- taken from https://github.com/jdhao/nvim-config with nvim java added https://github.com/nvim-java/nvim-java
- It feature random palette that are changed each time neovim is opened

## general-zshrc
- general ~/.zshrc file.
- It contains only globally valid option. This means it is compatible with almost any os

## gitconfig
- git configuration (username/email/lfs) for my main account nicolkrit999

Commit message:

Add repo location section to README
Added repo location instructions to README.

README.md, after:

# Repo location
The repo should be cloned in the main user folder, meaning the path should be ~/dotfiles/


# General stows
- located in .config


# Single stows
  
## catppuccin-mocha-alacritty
- general alacritty configuration without import
- catppuccin mocha palette

## catppuccin-mocha-btop
- general btop configuration
- catppuccin mocha palette

## catppuccin-mocha-cava
- general cava configuration
- catppuccin mocha palette

## catppuccin-mocha-fastfetch-fedora
- fedora specific fastfetch configuration
- catppuccin mocha palette

## catppuccin-mocha-fastfetch-macOS
- macOS specific fastfetch configuration
- catppuccin mocha palette

## catppuccin-mocha-ghostty-macOS
- general ghostty configuration
- catppuccin mocha palette

## catppuccin-mocha-kitty-linux-JetBrainsMono_Nerd_Font
- general kitty configuration
- it assumes that the JetBrainsMonoNerdFont was downloaded through the website
- catppuccin mocha palette

## catppuccin-mocha-kitty-macOS-nixDarwin
- general kitty configuration
- it assumes that the JetBrainsMonoNerdFont was downloaded through nix darwin homebrew path
- catppuccin mocha palette

## catppuccin-rainbow-starship
- general starship configuration
- catppuccin mocha palette

## general-nvim
- general nvim configuration
- taken from https://github.com/jdhao/nvim-config with nvim java added https://github.com/nvim-java/nvim-java
- It feature random palette that are changed each time neovim is opened

## general-zshrc
- general ~/.zshrc file.
- It contains only globally valid option. This means it is compatible with almost any os

## gitconfig
- git configuration (username/email/lfs) for my main account nicolkrit999
